One last thing here, I want you to
go install the Redux dev tools.
So here I have them linked or
you can just Google it, for
Firefox and Chrome,
the Chrome one will work on Edge.
And I don't, actually there
might be a Safari one for Redux,
that one I don't know,
you'd have to check.
But certainly for Firefox and Chrome, So
then happened to your page
once you got that installed,
I already have installed but
you just add it here, right?
And I don't know Methusellah but
Timdorr is he's
the maintainer React Redux,
really smart guy.
Okay, so
now I can open my dev tools here and
I can open my Redux Dev tools right there.
And what's really cool about this is
now I can see every single action
that's been dispatched and
I can see it in real time.
So if I like, let's go back to
the homepage, if I do animal and
I change that to bird,
right you can see here my,
the change animal, thank, you right?
So that's really cool, or
if I change this to be cockatoo, or
something like that, you can see all
of the actions happening in real time.
But here's where this starts
getting a little bananas,
I can actually start
stepping backwards in time.
So if I click this little arrow and
watch my UI because it'll change, right?
So I'm actually stepping backwards through
and I can go backwards and forwards,
this is called time traveling debugging.
As you can probably imagine,
this is incredibly useful for
trying to figure out why
things are happening, right?
If I can step through,
this action happened and
then this action happened then this, okay,
I understand where this where this broke.
One of the first companies I worked at,
whenever a person's app crash,
we would dump their entire Redux store and
all the actions that happened.
And then we'd send it to our logging
service and so that we the developers
could then load it up and say, okay,
this is where the user was wrong, right?
That was incredibly useful.
Okay, and you can actually even just
press so if I press play, right?
So, if I press play it'll actually just
go through in order you can watch it go
through the entire domain.
Seems like what happens if
I just skipped this one so
you can click Skip It'll actually skip
that action and then just run it all
again now you might be thinking like how
do they figure out like do and redo and
all that kind of stuff it's not that
complicated they actually just start from
the beginning and they just apply all the.
Actions in order, right?
Because if you have discrete actions, you
have to know all you have to know is how
to go forward, you don't have
to know how to go backwards.
Okay, and I won't get into
everything this is can do, but
there's a lot of very cool things.
I can actually see what the action looked
like this was a change animal with Payload
of bird.
That's cool, I can see the current state
at this time I can see a state chart.
Right, so I have the state, but
if you have like dependency ones,
you can actually go down into
like several layers of it,
which if you have a big app,
you definitely will.
You can actually use combined reducer
multiple times to generate multiple
reducers.
That's helpful, you can see the diff,
this is what changed, right?
This went from empty string
to cockatoo that's useful,
I haven't used trace that actually
sounds really interesting, but
I have not tried that yet.
But perhaps one of the most useful things
is this selection just generate tests for
you.
So you can say, all right,
I have this reducer,
given this state, given this change,
I expect it to be this.
If you like, if this is already correct,
you're gonna say alright,
generate a test for me.
You just copy and paste that into your
test suite, bam, you've written a test.
The best kind of test is the one
that I didn't have to write but
it's actually still a good test,
which this arguably is a very good test.
Okay, and this, I'm looking at jest but
there's mocha tape and Athan here as well.
So that is very compelling as well,
Okay, so
this is one of the probably the most
compelling reason to you is Redux,
is like the dev tools are pretty awesome.
Any questions about that or
about we're done with Redux now so
any more questions about Redux?
I'll point out that the redux
folder is now up to date here so
you can hop on that.
And there is a awesome course from Mr.
Steve Kenny on that,
that's way deeper into this.
So definitely check that out if you're
interested in more state management
libraries for JavaScript and
particularly for react.